eselect: rework page to clarify program usage (#22098)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/eselect.md

# eselect

> Gentoo's multi-purpose configuration and management tool.
> It consists of various modules that take care of individual administrative tasks.
> Some subcommands such as `kernel`, `locale`, `profile`, etc. have their own usage documentation.
> A system administration and configuration tool for Gentoo Linux.
> Some subcommands such as `profile` have their own usage documentation.
> More information: <https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Eselect>.

> - Display a list of installed modules:

Reviewer: There's room for one more example, why don't we keep this?

- Set a system profile by its index or name:

`eselect profile set {{index|name}}`

- List available versions of a specific tool (e.g., Python):

`eselect {{python}} list`

- Set the active version of a specific tool:

`eselect {{python}} set {{index|name}}`

> - List available kernel symlinks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List installed kernels:
```

`eselect kernel list`

> - Create a symlink to a specific kernel directory:

Reviewer: The symlink already exists, so technically it's not being created by `eselect`.
```suggestion
- Point the kernel symlink to a specific directory:
```
